Add Integration Instance debug logging docs. (#654)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/articles/troubleshooting.md

- The "Do not use by default" checkbox should be unchecked on the integration instance you are testing.

Screenshot of running a `test-module` command with `debug-mode=true` and the resulting log file (`test-module.log`):

![test-module-debug](../../../docs/doc_imgs/reference/test-module-debug.png)

## Integration Debug Logs
Starting with version 6.2, it is possible to create logs for an instance of an integration in order to get debug information for a specific instance over a period of time. 

> This mode is especially useful for long running integrations such as EDL or TAXII-Server. Basically it helps troubleshooting when it is not possible to run the desired command in debug-mode from the playground. Either it is a long running integration or the issue occurs from time to time such as with the ***fetch-incidents*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode is especially useful for long running integrations such as EDL or TAXII-Server. Basically it helps troubleshooting when it is not possible to run the desired command in `debug-mode` from the playground. Either it is a long running integration or the issue occurs from time to time such as with the ***fetch-incidents*** command.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This mode is especially useful for long running integrations such as EDL or TAXII-Server. It helps troubleshooting when it is not possible to run the desired command in `debug-mode` from the playground. Whether it is a long running integration, or the issue occurs from time to time such as with the ***fetch-incidents*** command.
```
